resume.md, before:

Antonio Vivace
============

----

> Software developer, Open Source contributor, Computer Science passionate.
> 
> [github.com/avivace](https://github.com/avivace) - [avivace.com](https://avivace.com)

----

Education
---------

2018-2020 (Expected)
:   **MSc, Computer Science**; Università di Milano Bicocca

    Notable sujects I’m taking: Machine Learning, Concurrent Systems.


2014-2017
:   **BSc, Computer Science**; Università di Milano Bicocca

    Notable subjects I've taken: Distributed Systems, Calculus 1, Calculus 2 and Linear Algebra, Computational Biology.\
    [Thesis](https://github.com/avivace/dna-recombination/raw/master/thesis/thesis.pdf): Integer Linear Programming approaches on the DNA recombination problem

2010-2014
:   **High School Diploma at Liceo Scientifico**; ITCG A. Mapelli, Monza

    *Science High School*

2013
:   **First Certificate in English**

Experience
----------

January 2018 - Present
:   **Software Consultant, Full Stack Developer**; Hawks Holding, Arcore
:   Mantaining and designing Wordpress websites with commercial themes and additional components. Developing ad-hoc tools to support the businesses of the Holding and showcase them to the public.

April 2018 - Present
:   **Technical Leader, Tutor, Thesis Advisor**; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Milan
:   Leading the development of additional features for the [CoderBot](http://www.coderbot.org/) project. Tutoring and assisting 6 graduating students (MSc and BSc in Computer Science), each one implementing a new macro feature for the project for their Work/Stage experience and related final thesis (Augmented Reality, Step-by-step debugger, Remote Update system, Emulator, Code Editor).

October 2017 - Present
:   **Full Stack Developer, UX Designer**; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Milan
:   Scholarship holder. Leading the development of a new software for [CoderBot](http://www.coderbot.org/), an educative robot used in primary schools to teach coding and algorithmic thinking to children. Documenting the software and hardware architecture, restructuring the existing stack. Raspberry Pi 2, 3.Vue.JS, Vuetify, Axios, Python, Flask, Debian/Raspbian, QEMU.

August 2017 - December 2017
:   **Software Consultant, Full Stack Developer**; G4i, Arcore
:   Freelance. Lead the full stack developoment of a web application: Node, Express, Passport Authentication strategies, Mongoose ORM (Mongo), Bootstrap 4. Consulting and organising developers in other projects. Setting and teaching about new workflows.

September 2014 - Present
:   **IT Technician**; IMPRECOM SRL, Monza
:   Freelance. Consulting and Sysadmin tasks: mantaining and configuring computers and the network.

June 2015 - May 2017
:   **Web Manager**; SoleLuna Club, Concorezzo
:   Facebook campaigns, graphics and assets, designed a renewed website for the business.

Technical Experience
--------------------

Notable work
:   Some of my recent and popular work includes:

    - [fuse](https://github.com/avivace/fuse) - A file upload web service (similar to "We-Transfer") built ground up with Vue.js, Axios, Bootstrap-Vue, Axios, Webpack, Flask and sqlite3.
    - [dailyProgrammer](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=avivace.daily_programmer) - An app for coders, developers or studends: daily coding challenges for learning, refreshing or just for fun.
      20K total downloads and 7K weekly users on Android Devices and more on the [web version](https://dp.avivace.com/).\
      Reddit JSON API, MaterializeCSS, responsive design, web wrapper (with javascript interface) as Android app.
    - [Homebrew Hub](https://gbhh.avivace.com) -  A showcase/archive of homebrews, patches, hackroms for old consoles. Provides community submission, tagging and rating features.\
      Basically a CMS built ground up using Node, Express and Passport for the backend. Implemented my own authentication strategy, email verification system. Bootstrap 4 for the frontend. MongoDB and Mongoose ORM for the database.
    - [Freddolo](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=appinventor.ai_puma95_95.MrFreddolo) - A random generator of jokes from an huge database. Features user partecipation.\ MaterializeCSS for the frontend, SQLite, PHP for the backend. 15K downloads.
    - [RSS Notifier](https://github.com/avivace/rssnotifier) - Telegram bot for powerful RSS reading. Provides notification on queries-matching elements and supports multiple users.\ Built on Node, database is SQLite3.
    - [RadioGit](https://github.com/avivace/radiogit) - Telegram bot to broadcast GitHub repository events and activities to private and group chats. Supports user and group preferences.\
      Built on Python 3 with SQLite3 as database, the webhook listener is in Node.
    - [Ardumonitor](https://github.com/avivace/ardumonitor) - Real time monitoring of a remote Linux machine with Arduino and a LCD display.
    - [...](https://github.com/avivace)


Side Projects
:   I've worked in a number of side project in which I implemented full stack applications using a lot of different programming languages, frameworks and different technologies, everytime looking for another challenge. I worked alone, in a team, and lead open source projects raised or wanted by the community.

Open Source
:   I partecipate in civic-hacking projects, I love producing quality documentation for the community and everything I worked on is available with an Open Source license.

Web
:   I worked and learnt a lot of backend and frontend frameworks, CMS, and various components. I developed entire projects taking care of the full stack, extensively using Wordpress, Node (with Express and Fastify), Bootstrap 3 and 4, MaterializeCSS, MongoDB (and mongoose), MySQL, sqlite and more.

Languages
:   In university I had the chance to work on assignments and course projects using Prolog and LISP (Programming Paradigms), Ruby (Computational Biology), R (Statistics) and C (Embedded Systems). Personally I really love Javascript, Node and its community plugin ecosystem.

Hobbies
:   Old school hardware/software, photography, typography and electronics. 

----

> <avivace4@gmail.com> • 320 1171929 • 23 years old\
> Monza, Milan, March 2018\
> <h6>An always updated version of this document is available at [www.avivace.com/cv.pdf](https://avivace.com/cv.pdf)</h6>

Commit message:

Add Girls code it better teaching experience

resume.md, after:

Antonio Vivace
============

----

> Software developer, Open Source contributor, Computer Science passionate.
> 
> [github.com/avivace](https://github.com/avivace) - [avivace.com](https://avivace.com)

----

Education
---------

2018-2020 (Expected)
:   **MSc, Computer Science**; Università di Milano Bicocca

    Notable sujects I’m taking: Machine Learning, Concurrent Systems.


2014-2017
:   **BSc, Computer Science**; Università di Milano Bicocca

    Notable subjects I've taken: Distributed Systems, Calculus 1, Calculus 2 and Linear Algebra, Computational Biology.\
    [Thesis](https://github.com/avivace/dna-recombination/raw/master/thesis/thesis.pdf): Integer Linear Programming approaches on the DNA recombination problem

2010-2014
:   **High School Diploma at Liceo Scientifico**; ITCG A. Mapelli, Monza

    *Science High School*

2013
:   **First Certificate in English**

Experience
----------

September 2018 - Present
:   **Technical Coach, Teacher**; MAW Men At Work, IC Moisè Loria, Milano.
:   Teaching a coding class in middle school for [Girls Code It Better](http://www.girlscodeitbetter.it), an Italian project trying to bridge the gender gap in STEM subjects, similar to the after-school clubs organized by [Girls Who Code](https://girlswhocode.com/).


April 2018 - Present
:   **Technical Leader, Tutor, Thesis Advisor**; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Milan
:   Leading the development of additional features for the [CoderBot](http://www.coderbot.org/) project. Tutoring and assisting 6 graduating students (MSc and BSc in Computer Science), each one implementing a new macro feature for the project for their Work/Stage experience and related final thesis (Augmented Reality, Step-by-step debugger, Remote Update system, Emulator, Code Editor).

October 2017 - Present
:   **Full Stack Developer, UX Designer**; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Milan
:   Scholarship holder. Leading the development of a new software for [CoderBot](http://www.coderbot.org/), an educative robot used in primary schools to teach coding and algorithmic thinking to children. Documenting the software and hardware architecture, restructuring the existing stack. Developing the new web application in Vue.js while rewriting the backend and the APIs using OpenAPI/Swagger standards and Connexion. Raspberry Pi 2, Vue.js, VueX, Vuetify, Axios, Python, Flask, Connexion, Debian/Raspbian, QEMU.

January 2018 - Present
:   **Software Consultant, Full Stack Developer**; Hawks Holding, Arcore
:   Mantaining and designing Wordpress websites with commercial themes and additional components. Developing ad-hoc tools to support the businesses of the Holding and showcase them to the public.

August 2017 - December 2017
:   **Software Consultant, Full Stack Developer**; G4i, Arcore
:   Freelance. Lead the full stack developoment of a web application: Node, Express, Passport Authentication strategies, Mongoose ORM (Mongo), Bootstrap 4. Consulting and organising developers in other projects. Setting and teaching about new workflows.

September 2014 - Present
:   **IT Technician**; IMPRECOM SRL, Monza
:   Freelance. Consulting and Sysadmin tasks: mantaining and configuring computers and the network.

June 2015 - May 2017
:   **Web Manager**; SoleLuna Club, Concorezzo
:   Facebook campaigns, graphics and assets, designed a renewed website for the business.

Technical Experience
--------------------

Notable work
:   Some of my recent and popular work includes:

    - [fuse](https://github.com/avivace/fuse) - A file upload web service (similar to "We-Transfer") built ground up with Vue.js, Axios, Bootstrap-Vue, Axios, Webpack, Flask and sqlite3.
    - [dailyProgrammer](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=avivace.daily_programmer) - An app for coders, developers or studends: daily coding challenges for learning, refreshing or just for fun.
      20K total downloads and 7K weekly users on Android Devices and more on the [web version](https://dp.avivace.com/).\
      Reddit JSON API, MaterializeCSS, responsive design, web wrapper (with javascript interface) as Android app.
    - [Homebrew Hub](https://gbhh.avivace.com) -  A showcase/archive of homebrews, patches, hackroms for old consoles. Provides community submission, tagging and rating features.\
      Basically a CMS built ground up using Node, Express and Passport for the backend. Implemented my own authentication strategy, email verification system. Bootstrap 4 for the frontend. MongoDB and Mongoose ORM for the database.
    - [Freddolo](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=appinventor.ai_puma95_95.MrFreddolo) - A random generator of jokes from an huge database. Features user partecipation.\ MaterializeCSS for the frontend, SQLite, PHP for the backend. 15K downloads.
    - [RSS Notifier](https://github.com/avivace/rssnotifier) - Telegram bot for powerful RSS reading. Provides notification on queries-matching elements and supports multiple users.\ Built on Node, database is SQLite3.
    - [RadioGit](https://github.com/avivace/radiogit) - Telegram bot to broadcast GitHub repository events and activities to private and group chats. Supports user and group preferences.\
      Built on Python 3 with SQLite3 as database, the webhook listener is in Node.
    - [Ardumonitor](https://github.com/avivace/ardumonitor) - Real time monitoring of a remote Linux machine with Arduino and a LCD display.
    - [...](https://github.com/avivace)


Side Projects
:   I've worked in a number of side project in which I implemented full stack applications using a lot of different programming languages, frameworks and different technologies, everytime looking for another challenge. I worked alone, in a team, and lead open source projects raised or wanted by the community.

Open Source
:   I partecipate in civic-hacking projects, I love producing quality documentation for the community and everything I worked on is available with an Open Source license.

Web
:   I worked and learnt a lot of backend and frontend frameworks, CMS, and various components. I developed entire projects taking care of the full stack, extensively using Wordpress, Node (with Express and Fastify), Bootstrap 3 and 4, MaterializeCSS, MongoDB (and mongoose), MySQL, sqlite and more.

Languages
:   In university I had the chance to work on assignments and course projects using Prolog and LISP (Programming Paradigms), Ruby (Computational Biology), R (Statistics) and C (Embedded Systems). Personally I really love Javascript, Node and its community plugin ecosystem.

Hobbies
:   Old school hardware/software, photography, typography and electronics. 

----

> <avivace4@gmail.com> • 320 1171929 • 23 years old\
> Monza, Milan, March 2018\
> <h6>An always updated version of this document is available at [www.avivace.com/cv.pdf](https://avivace.com/cv.pdf)</h6>
